Writers Digest Your Story #65 (March) is 750 words or less on “Love gets him into more trouble than hate ever could”

P is Cupid?

P is stalker?

Maybe make readers think P is a stalker but really he is Cupid?
Maybe stalker to hitman to Cupid?

Maybe Cupid not supposed to feel love (interferes with his job)?

Maybe C also a word snob?

Feels he is not taken seriously?

Submitted the text beow via the website on 02/25/2015 (the snow day)




Occupational Hazard

“Love” was a four-letter word. So was “Hell”. Once again he berated himself for accidentally combining the two.

He took comfort in the fact that neither Holly nor William had spotted him. That, combined with the fact he had one arrow left, meant he still stood a fighting chance of escaping his present torment.

He wasn't supposed to love her, but he did, and there was only one way to correct the situation.

He notched the remaining arrow into his bow, and started to take aim.

The ache in his chest worsened when he saw Holly smiling at William in response to some joke they had just shared, but there was no way to line up the extremely difficult shot without looking directly at her.

It had been that same smile that had triggered his feelings originally, he was sure of it. Or those sparkling eyes, or that quirky laugh.

He painstakingly adjusted his angle so that the arrow's path would take it straight through both of their chests.

He had been stalking Holly for weeks, always remaining out of sight, always listening in on the conversations she had, and watching the events in her life unfold. Once he was certain he had found “the right one”, he had taken a shot with his bow, but had missed.

He was never able to say if his feelings for her had started before or after that missed shot.

“Miss” - another four-letter word, and with a double meaning at that. He couldn't wait to finish this assignment and get back to his beloved crossword puzzles.

He did have to wait, though, because just then a waiter stepped into his field of view, blocking the shot.

When the waiter was gone, he compulsively counted those letters too. 

He thought back to when he had first been assigned to take care of Holly by his supervisor. He had no idea how the targets were chosen. He only knew once he had started a job, it was impossible to get a second one without completing the first.

He drew the bow back to maximum tension, since the single shot was going to have to pass through both bodies in sequence.

He held his breath, and waited for the stillness between heartbeats.

“Work” was also a four-letter word, and he had a job to do.

With a sigh, Cupid released his hold on the arrow, and it flew invisibly and painlessly through both Holly's and William's hearts.

Cutting through their mutual indifference like a knife, transferring the love spell to them.

As Holly and Will started to see each other in a different light, Cupid felt the ache in his chest finally easing. “Next time,” he promised himself, “I'll be more careful”.

It irritated him to no end that no one understood - what he did, he did for love.

