"It was just like an artificial intelligence to give a holiday assignment
that was tedious, yet enigmatic" Edgar grumbled to himself.

Tedious because there were over 40 neighboring realities within range
(up 10 from the previous year, their technology had been steadily improving).

Enigmatic because S.T.E.F.A.N. had given him no indication of WHAT he was
supposed to be looking for, only the WHEN, the WHERE, and the DIVERGENCE.

Of course, the bulk of the analysis was being done by subordinate agents,
and Edgar was just trying to make sense of the summaries. Stll, it was
shaping up to be a very long week, and during the annual celebration at that.

Sighing, he panned randomly from entry to entry, never reading very far into
one before giving up in frustration and jumping to a different one instead.

-=-=-=-=-
ARI #23

Mrs. Fisher walked resolutely towards the Science Building and away from her
keys, unaware that they had fallen (quite "jangily" in fact) onto the hard
pavement because she was still wearing her headphones, engrossed in the
stirring symphony she had been listening to all morning...
-=-=-=-=-
ARI #12

Mrs. Fisher walked confidently away from the discarded keys and towards the
Science Building, happy to have finally come to a decision regarding whether
or not to keep them, along with all they stood for. She knew her husband
would be incensed, and didn't care...
-=-=-=-=-
ARI #37

Miss Fisher walked past the abandoned keys in the parking lot without
noticing their presence, preoccupied as she was with the new symphony she was
composing in her head. Up ahead loomed the Music building, which always looked
foreboding from the outside, even through she felt completely at home inside
it's walls...
-=-=-=-=-

Each summary was accompanied by a single image that had been taken through
the trans-dimensional lens, aimed at the specified coordinates S.T.E.F.A.N. had
provided. Although none of them was fully in focus, the third one was especially
blurry, no suprise given that it was of a dimension more divergent from his own
than the other two, and hence "farther way" in the fifth-dimensional sense.

Realizing he was getting absolutely nowhere, Edgar decided "to hell with
imperative 4" and punched the call button. S.T.E.F.A.N's synthetic voice prompted
immediately, "PROCEED:". Somehow it always seemed to Edgar like both a question
and a command at the same time.

"Stef, we've been poring over this data for days and I see no sign of this
so-called anomaly of yours. I understand you're programmed to 'help humanity grow
by NOT helping humanity TOO much' but WHAT EXACTLY ARE WE LOOKING FOR?"

The pause before S.T.E.F.A.N's answer was actually noticable, which disturbed
Edgar because he knew how fast the quantum mainframe actually was. It indicated
the AI had gone through literally trillions of ethical and legal calculations
before deciding how much information it could responsibly provide to Edgar.

"IGNORE THE DIFFERENCES. IGNORE THE SIMILARITIES. CONCENTRATE ON THE IDENTICALITIES".

Edgar doubted that last one was even a real word (grammar was not S.T.E.F.A.N.'s
strong suit) but he still pondered the meaning and implications of it.

There were lots of things identical between one Alternate Reality and the next,
and in fact it had often taken months (and in some cases, years) to determine what
the differences were between them. However, there always WAS at least one divergence,
since the lens was unable to focus on its own containing reality.

You also couldn't see realities where history had wildly diverged. It wasn't that
they didn't exist, they were just too far away to focus on.

Edgar set the console to cyclic, and watched the individual images pass by in slow
succession. The details varied - sometimes Fisher wore red, sometimes blue,
sometimes slacks, sometimes a dress, and Edgar was convinced in some of the
dimensional images that it was actually a MISTER Fisher instead of a Miss or Mrs.
The keys were always on the pavement.

A quick gesture and the slow cycle became a rapid blur, but that was no help. Edgar
reset the speed to the original slow pace and instead changed the positioning so
that the keys were consistently in the center of the frame.
 

 
WHERE I AM GOING WITH THIS

One of the keys is consistently positioned to match either the AR Index order (clock positioning)
or maybe even the order that Edgar is looking at them in.

The realizations:
1) Somebidy is able to TAMPER with the other realities, not just view them
2) They know Edgar's reality is watching, and are watching Edgar's too.


Problem - 750 words is not very much to work with...
